linkedin conversation ads is an
effective ad type that more b2b
marketers are testing to scale pipeline
with its personalized messaging and
custom conversation flows b2b marketers
are using this ad type to scale demo
requests on linkedin combine
conversation ads with a legion form and
a gift card offer and now you've got
something really compelling the downside
of linkedin conversation ads especially
if you're offering a gift card for a
demo is you can drive some really
perfect quality leads i'm sylvia perez
and in today's video i want to talk
about how you can improve your lead
quality from linkedin conversation ads
and if you like content around b2b
advertising be sure to subscribe and
click on that bell icon to be notified
of future videos the first thing you can
do to improve your lead quality from
linkedin conversation ads is to check
your audience targeting this is
unfortunately where most b2b marketers
go wrong when trying to drive leads from
linkedin ads now in this video we're
talking primarily around linkedin
conversation ads and drawing high
quality leads but this is across the
spectrum but this is also
equally more important when it comes to
driving demo requests and you're
offering an incentive like a gift card
you don't want just anybody taking you
up on that offer there are people out
there with bad intentions that do like
free stuff so you definitely want to
make sure your audience targeting is as
dialed in as possible so when building
out your audiences if you're offering a
gift card for a demo request really try
to keep that audience as narrow as
possible as targeted as possible so
try to keep your overall audience size
ideally less than a hundred thousand and
that's going to be a really tight and
targeted audience for you so that way
you can make sure you are getting in
front of the right person so when
building your audience here in the
linkedin ads manager keep an eye on the
total audience size count here and then
also as you build out your audience
equally important is to make sure you're
dialing in your exclusion audiences
make sure you're excluding poor fit
functions
bad job titles member skills such as
like sales consulting or business
development that are not relevant to
your icp
take advantage of both the narrowing
capabilities and the exclusion
capabilities to make sure you are
targeting the right person now a really
great audience that i recommend for most
people to start off with if you're
offering a demo request and you
especially so if you're incentivizing
with a gift card is to make sure you're
targeting job titles
it's one of the most specific if not the
most specific in terms of how you can go
about targeting people on linkedin so
for example if i wanted to go after
vps of marketing
i can go ahead and target that specific
title
and i'm only going to reach people with
that title but if i wanted to take it a
step further because linkedin is not
perfect and sometimes you will get
people that aren't necessarily that
specific job title
you can take it a step further and you
can narrow it with something else so for
example if i don't want to just get in
front of any vp of marketing maybe i
want to get in front of a vp of
marketing that works for a software
company then you can layer in uh company
industries for example so you know i
want to get in front of vps of marketing
that work in
let's say corporate services
and you know it could be
information services it can be security
investigations so whatever industry is
relevant to you but essentially you're
combining those things together so that
you have a more targeted audience as
you're building out your audience as
well to really inform whether or not
you're getting in front of the right
people is go ahead and segment your
audience by function so you can
understand what percentage of your total
audience count
is linked and saying that that audience
is part of so you can see here 100 of my
audience is primarily around marketing
so that's really good that means i've
pretty much nailed it
the vast majority if not the majority of
this audience falls into the marketing
bucket which is great what you want to
avoid here is for example if i start to
add in more audit like more titles
or if you're using like job functions
and seniorities that are a little bit
broader so for example let's say i'm
going to go with a seniority of let's
say director vp cxo i only want to reach
people with true decision making ability
and i'm going to reach people that are
directors vp cxos if you see if i just
leave it here and you look at the
function count one my audience size is
obviously way too big let's keep this as
tight as possible because we're trying
to get a demo request from the right
person and we're incentivizing them but
if you look here at the make out you can
see just for the sake of example 43 is
into falls under business development 17
operations eight percent education
this is obviously not the right audience
for me i want to get in front of
directors vps and people in the c-suite
but i want to get in front of people in
my case let's say that work in marketing
so i'm going to go ahead and layer in a
job function here
of marketing
so i can get a little bit more specific
and really important to make sure when
you're combining different audience
segments together that you're using the
and statement and not the or and that
will combine them and not make it
optional so you can see here our
audience size is still too big 690 000.
that's
way way too broad we have an option
we have the potential now to make this
even more specific so you can see here
we're pretty spot on in terms of the
function you can also layer in by uh
different things so maybe for your
business you're not trying to get in
front of any company any you know
director vp or cxo that works in
marketing at any company but maybe you
only want to get in front of people that
work
in let's say enterprise
organizations so you can filter in
company size
and you know add in that company size
count that's relevant to you so maybe
that's a thousand to five thousand
maybe it's five thousand to ten thousand
whatever it is for you but let's say for
us for the sake of example enterprise is
a thousand to five thousand so now we
have a little bit more of a more
specific audience here you can see our
audience size is a little bit more
reasonable for the offer that we're
promoting and you can use the segment
breakdown tool to really understand who
are you getting in front of now if i
wanted to take this a step further and i
wanted to get even more specific i could
even layer in something like member
skills so for example if i want to get
in front of
directors vps and c-sweep individuals
that work in marketing that are in
enterprise organizations but i only want
to get in front of individuals that work
in the software industry so then i can
go ahead and add in a
a member skill of
sas so software as a service
and now you can see my audience just
plummeted to 7500 this is an extremely
targeted audience here this is very very
specific so i can add in more member
skills to give myself a little bit more
breathing room i can also do b2b
marketing
or business to business
i think i'm going to do b2b marketing is
a little bit more specific and 21 000
here is a very
narrow audience it's highly targeted so
i'm reaching people within the seed
suite vps directors and marketing within
these enterprise organizations that have
sas or b2b marketing on their linkedin
profile so their chances of being my
ideal customer profile is much more
likely and equally as important as who
you're targeting is who you're excluding
so making sure at the bare minimum
you're excluding company names of your
company so you're excluding your
employees like we love our employees but
we don't want them to be seeing our ads
we don't want them to be getting
conversation ads in their inbox from us
when they're not our icp that can also
fall badly
if your cmo or you know somebody higher
up gets your conversation out with the
gift card they're going to bring that up
to you as the you know as the marketing
manager whatever your title might be
that's
implementing these campaigns so make
sure you're excluding your own company
make sure you're excluding competitors
companies make sure you're excluding
closed one opportunities and if it's
relevant to you based on your audience
breakout make sure you're excluding poor
fit functions or job titles or
seniorities or even member skills that
would classify someone that you're not
trying to get in front of so really the
key takeaway here is however you build
your audience is up to you but if we are
trying to drive high quality leads
really you know think through all of
linkedin's targeting combinations make
sure to combine them together in a way
that makes sense and get creative and
test different audience variations but
really make sure that you are dialing in
your audience targeting as this is
probably where
most people go wrong on linkedin that
are not driving high quality leads the
second thing you can do to improve your
lead quality from linkedin conversation
ads is to have your form pop up on the
second message and have qualifying text
here's an example of what that could
look like
you essentially would have the legion
form pop up on your second message
instead of the first one so this is
gonna add in a little bit of friction
and some qualifying text that will
hopefully get people to
become conscious essentially when
they're filling out your form and kind
of pre-qualify themselves if they
actually are worth your time and energy
for giving this person a demo
now essentially they would click yes
confirming their interest this could be
whatever you title your call to action
but essentially they would click yes
that they want to proceed with getting a
demo and then once they do that the form
ability to pop up will be here on the
second message instead of the first one
and then on this message as well you
would couple it with some qualifying
criteria so for example you know great
just to confirm your
qualify one maybe you know you're
you have more than six users
qualifier two you're looking to solve
you know this specific pain point and
then qualifier three uh you know you
have more than x in available spend or
budget or whatever the case might be so
you can essentially have this qualifying
text and have the form pop up on the
second message so that way you know
ideally by creating that friction people
again can pre-qualify and that will lead
to higher quality leads hope you're
finding this video valuable if you'd
like more content on b2b advertising be
sure to give this video a thumbs up it
helps me out a ton and be sure to
subscribe for future uploads
the third thing you can do to improve
your lead quality from linkedin
conversation ads is specific to using
lead gen forms and that's adding a
custom consent and qualifying questions
in your actual legion form now between
number one and number two of improving
your audience targeting and having your
message pop up on the second with
qualifying text versus the first you
should be in a pretty good place but if
you really want to dial in things
further and and increase the friction
you can add custom consent check boxes
confirming demo requests and also add an
additional qualifying questions in your
legion form to really improve your
quality when creating lead forms in
linkedin you have the ability to add
custom questions and check boxes so when
you go to create your form if you scroll
down to lead details and custom
questions
under this you can see custom questions
and custom check boxes by adding in
custom questions such as qualifiers
you can further improve your lead
quality because you're adding more
friction into the form completion
process now it's important to know if
you you can go overboard with this i
usually recommend just starting with a
custom checkbox but if you do add a lot
of custom questions or or a custom
checkbox essentially you're adding more
friction
you're making it harder for somebody to
just fill out this form and the harder
you make it the more friction you add
the lower your conversion rates will be
on average and the less total volume
you'll get from your linkedin lead gen
forms so just keep that in mind it can
be a double-edged sword if you go
overblown with it at the bare minimum i
recommend adding a custom checkbox if as
a last resort if you really noticed
after doing the other methods we talked
about of having the form pop up on the
second message with qualifying text if
after doing all that and then also
really checking and dialing in your
audience targeting that'll usually take
care of it most people suffer from the
first which is the audience targeting
piece but if after all that as a last
resort you're still not getting the
quality you would like you can try using
custom questions or a custom checkbox i
recommend you start with just a custom
checkbox as adding in those custom
questions can add a lot of friction to
your form completion process so it can
be as simple as just creating a custom
checkbox and just saying confirm
demo request
and just making it a required field
so you can see here on the bottom they
have to
actually click
consenting that they confirm this demo
request in order for the form to
actually complete so if i try to submit
it right now it won't let me i need to
actually check this box and then i can
submit the form so this is a great
option for you to to really have in your
back pocket if after doing all the
options we walk through you still are
issue having issues with quality
especially if you're offering a gift
card with linkedin conversation ads this
is something definitely worth testing
hope this video is valuable be sure to
give this video a thumbs up check out
these two videos here and subscribe for
future uploads until the next video take
care